1. `3` is printed by line 12 becuase `i` is a global variable and it is visible after loop. After loop, `i` is equal to `prices.length` which is `3`. 
2. `150` is printed by line 13 becuase `discountedPrice` is a global variable and it is visible after loop. After loop, `discountedPrice` is equal to `price[3] * (1 - 0.5)` which is `150`.
3. `150` is printed by line 14 becuase `finalPrice` is a global variable and it is changed after loop. After loop, `finalPrice` is equal to `Math.round(150 * 100) / 100` which is `150`.
4. `[50,100,150]` will be returned because input `pirces = [100,200,300]` and `discount = 0.5`, after the for loop calculating all price in `pirces` with `discount`, `discounted` will become `[50,100,150]` and returned by the function.
5. `ReferenceError: message is not defined` will be printed by line 12 since the variable `i` is declared inside the for loop, it is only visible inside that block. Line 12 is the outside of the block.
6. `ReferenceError: message is not defined` will be printed by line 13 since the variable `discountedPrice` is declared inside the for loop, it is only visible inside that block. Line 13 is the outside of the block.
7. `150` is printed by line 14 becuase `finalPrice` is a variable that in the same scope with line 14. After loop, `finalPrice` is equal to `Math.round(150 * 100) / 100` which is `150`.
8. `[50,100,150]` will be returned because input `pirces = [100,200,300]` and `discount = 0.5`, after the for loop calculating all price in `pirces` with `discount`, `discounted` will become `[50,100,150]` and returned by the function.
9. `ReferenceError: message is not defined` will be printed by line 12 since the variable `i` is declared inside the for loop, it is only visible inside that block. Line 12 is the outside of the block.
10. `3` is printed by line 12 becuase `length` is equal to `prices.length` which is `3` and it is in the same scope with line 12.
11. `[50,100,150]` will be returned because input `pirces = [100,200,300]` and `discount = 0.5`, after the for loop calculating all price in `pirces` with `discount`, `discounted` will become `[50,100,150]` and returned by the function.
12.   A. student.name   B. student['Grad Year']   C. student.greeting()   D. student['Favorite Teacher'].name   E. student.courseLoad[0]  
13.   A. The output is `'32'` since `2` map to string `'2'` and `+` concatenate `'3'` with string `'2'`.   B. The output is `1` since the `'3'` map to interger `3` and `3-2=1`.   C. The output is `3` since the `null` map to `0` and `3+0=0`.   D. The output is `'3null'` since `null` map to string `null` and `+` concatenate `'3'` with string `'null'`.  E. The output is `4` since `true` map to `1` and `1+3=4`. F. The output is `0` since both `false` and `null` map to `0` and `0+0=0`. G. The output is `3undefined` since `undefined` map to string `'undefined'` and and `+` concatenate `'3'` with string `'undefined'`.   H. The output is `NaN` since `undefined` map to `NaN` and one of terms of the subtraction is `NaN`, the result is `NaN`.  
14. A. The output is `true` since the `'2'` map to `2` and `2>1`.  B. The output is `false` since both are string, compare character by character and `'2'` is larger than `'1'`.  C. The output is `true` since the `'2'` map to `2` and `2=2`  D. The output is `false` since `===` is used to check data type for both side and `2` is number `'2'` is string.   E. The output is `false` since the `true` map to `1` and `1!=2`.  F. The output is `ture` since `===` is used to check data type for both side and both sides are string.  
15.  `==` is used to comparing both side after converting data type. `===` is used to check data type of both side.  
16.  The output is `[2,4,6]` since `doSomething` is passed to `callback` function. In `modifyArray`, `doSomething` make each element of `[1,2,3]` multiply by `2`.  
17.  The output is `1 4 2 3` because lines 3 and 4 include delays, so `1` and `4` are printed first, followed by `2` and `3` after a second.